hey guys I wanted to give you a first
look at this jelly bean on the Asus
Transformer Prime that's me in the
background we're gonna turn it on real
quick
you notice the charged up screen you see
that unlock kept had there normally I
would have it locked up so that you
wouldn't see that you'd have to enter
your code but for this to make it easy
I'm gonna lock it or make it unlock so
we just slide to unlock and you notice
there isn't much change on the front
screen although I did notice and I've
installed this backdrop here that's
actually kind of cool now there you'll
see that the pop up one of the things I
wanted to point out that's different is
this notifications bar down here you'll
see that then the emails there show up
in a different way as was there's a
broad aspect there of course we can
always clear that out but pressing the X
down there so this backdrop here is
pretty standard it's a sliding rotating
group of pictures I think there's about
five of them in there all the apps seem
to work fine I've got my social media
apps there some lawyer specific apps my
media apps games documents and
creativity I just downloaded and
installed the pro version of sketchbook
so we'll add that you notice I can just
point to click and we can drop it there
I've got my calendar the Play Store and
Gmail all stay pretty much the same I'm
gonna click here on the settings bring
up the settings bar you notice the
settings are pretty much the same except
there is this addition I here this
accounts area
that adds to the aspect and so you can
add accounts easily right there and
there's a cot shot of the firmware
Android 4.1 running on my TF 700 T
tablet and all the other aspects if you
press the HOME key it's gonna bring us
back and you see the rotating backdrop
right there
I've got Chrome installed now jellybean
does take away the flash for Chrome or
for anything else and so we can click on
here you notice how it's set up but I'll
click click click quickly on this Google
News link and bring up Google News for
me it's running just about the same
speed as it was before a little smoother
on the scroll I've noticed same aspect
of you notice is still loading right
there same site speed and everything
like that I know there's probably faster
browsers out there in fact a lot of
people report that the basic browser is
running very smoothly and seems to pick
up the pace click OK
I'm just gonna bring up the AC side I've
actually never opened the built-in in
the AC site around pretty fast let's go
to google.com slash news and just to
compare wow that is fast so the home
browser piston browser actually runs
really really fast on jelly bean one of
the reasons I ditched in favor of chrome
was because of the speed of Chrome but
golly that's fast
you know the scrolling is pretty dang
smooth on here as well as it seems to
have picked up a little bit of this
touchpad sensitivity so I can draw
circles draw time and
and right my plaintiff so that's a
little smoother than before as well as
if we delete apps and close them that
seems to run a little more smoothly
other than that I haven't really noticed
any big changes nor have I seen any
although that's new that my bit chemist
not sure what that is it seems like some
sort of Evernote replacement and that's
new one thing I did want to show you is
this you'll notice this is when an app
was designed for a smaller screen a zoom
control will appear by the clock so
that's gonna be that little thing right
there we can stretch to fill so that's
pretty cool addition you just go home
that's okay
but other than that haven't particularly
noticed anything unusual or deeply
sensitive or mysterious things like that
again it's pretty fairly smooth we're
gonna see an update here so we can clear
those out
let's test Jamie I was having some
problems with Gmail ago gmail seems to
run smoothly but all in all I like it
one thing I did notice is Netflix
it's slightly faster now a lot of its
gonna depend on speed but also the
scrolling and you see all my kids
columns seems to scroll a lot faster
without a lot of problems well that's it
I hope you enjoyed that quick look